README.md, before:

### Installation

### Game Play

* Earn 10 points by crossing the board to the water
* Reaching the water will reset you to the grass
* Collect stars to earn additional points, faster stars equal more points
* You have 3 lives, hitting a bug will take one life and reset you to the grass

### TODO's

* Bug randomization during game play, currently only randomized at the start of a new game
* Add more collectibles?

frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game
===============================

Students should use this [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2696458597/rubric) for self-checking their submission. Make sure the functions you write are **object-oriented** - either class functions (like Player and Enemy) or class prototype functions such as Enemy.prototype.checkCollisions, and that the keyword 'this' is used appropriately within your class and class prototype functions to refer to the object the function is called upon. Also be sure that the **readme.md** file is updated with your instructions on both how to 1. Run and 2. Play your arcade game.

For detailed instructions on how to get started, check out this [guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v01aScPjSWCCWQLIpFqvg3-vXLH2e8_SZQKC8jNO0Dc/pub?embedded=true).

Commit message:

Added Instructions to readme and implemented gulp server

README.md, after:

### Installation

Drag and drop the index.html file into an empty browser window or if you have `Node.js` and `NPM`, run the following command from the project root:

```
npm install
gulp
```

### Game Play

* Earn 10 points by crossing the board to the water
* Reaching the water will reset you to the grass
* Collect stars to earn additional points, faster stars equal more points
* You have 3 lives, hitting a bug will take one life and reset you to the grass

### TODO's

* Bug randomization during game play, currently only randomized at the start of a new game
* Add more collectibles?

frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game
===============================

Students should use this [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2696458597/rubric) for self-checking their submission. Make sure the functions you write are **object-oriented** - either class functions (like Player and Enemy) or class prototype functions such as Enemy.prototype.checkCollisions, and that the keyword 'this' is used appropriately within your class and class prototype functions to refer to the object the function is called upon. Also be sure that the **readme.md** file is updated with your instructions on both how to 1. Run and 2. Play your arcade game.

For detailed instructions on how to get started, check out this [guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v01aScPjSWCCWQLIpFqvg3-vXLH2e8_SZQKC8jNO0Dc/pub?embedded=true).
